Update throttling-entra-logs-reports.md (#9591)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs-contrib: includes/throttling-entra-logs-reports.md

Microsoft Entra reporting APIs are throttled when Microsoft Entra ID receives too many calls during a given timeframe from a tenant or app. Calls might also be throttled if the service takes too long to respond. If your requests still fail with a `429 Too Many Requests` error code despite applying the [best practices to handle throttling](/graph/throttling#best-practices-to-handle-throttling), try reducing the amount of data returned. Try these approaches first:
- Use filters to target your query to just the data you need. If you only need a certain type of event or a subset of users, for example, filter out other events using the `$filter` and `$select` query parameters to reduce the size of your response object and the risk of throttling.
- If you need a broad set of Microsoft Entra ID reporting data, use `$filter` on the **createdDateTime** to limit the number of sign-in events you query in a single call. Then, iterate through the next timespan until you have all the records you need. For example, if you're being throttled, you can begin with a call that requests three days of data and iterate with shorter timespans until your requests are no longer throttled.

> - Using the $select=signinActivity parameter may trigger stricter throttling limits than standard Microsoft Graph API calls. If you don’t require this field, consider removing $select to avoid these limits. If you do need to retrieve signinActivity, reduce the number of API calls by using $top=500 to retrieve multiple users in a single call rather than querying one user at a time.

Reviewer: $top=500 contradicts [this note](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/user-list?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=http#request-10) that indicates the maximum page size when retrieving signInActivity is 120. Could you clarify or should this be corrected to $top=120?
<img width="539" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d4a00ef8-6c2c-4049-a9a9-30c2c9e4710f" />

```suggestion
- Using the `$select=signinActivity` parameter may trigger stricter throttling limits than standard Microsoft Graph API calls. If you don’t require this object, consider not requesting `$select=signinActivity` to avoid these limits. If you need to retrieve the **signinActivity**, use `$top=500` to retrieve multiple users in a single call and reduce the number of API calls instead of querying one user at a time.
```
